Concept of the shopping lists' line item update actions. (#614)
commercetools/commercetools-sync-java: docs/adr/0002-shopping-lists-lineitem-and-textlineitem-update-actions.md

# 2. LineItem and TextLineItem update actions of the ShoppingLists.

Date: 2020-11-04

## Status

[Proposed](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614)

## Context

<!-- The issue motivating this decision, and any context that influences or constrains the decision. -->

In a commerce application, a shopping list is a personal wishlist of a customer, (i.e. Ingredients for a recipe, birthday wishes). 
Shopping lists hold line items of products in the platform or any other items that can be described as text line items.

We have challenges to build update actions of the `LineItem` and `TextLineItem` because of the nature of the synchronization, 
so in this document, we will describe the reasons and constraints. 

> > Note: The cases below are the same for the `TextLineItem` so here those are no added as a separate case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The cases below are the same for the `TextLineItem` so here those are not added as a separate case.
```

{
  "lineItems": [
    {
      "sku": "SKU-1",
      "quantity": 1,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-1"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "sku": "SKU-2",
      "quantity": 2,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:40:12.341Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-2"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
        <td><pre lang="json">
{
  "lineItems": [
    {
      "id": "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f",
      "variant": {
        "sku": "SKU-2"
      },
      "quantity": 2,
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "id": "4796e155-f5a4-403a-ae1a-04b10c9dfc54",
          "obj": {
            "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
          }
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-2"
        }
      },
     "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z"
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Analysis</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">

>             <p>Draft has line items with <b>SKU-1</b> and <b>SKU-2</b> also in target project line item with
>                 <b>SKU-2</b> exists, so <b>SKU-1</b> is a new line item. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <p>Draft has line items with <b>SKU-1</b> and <b>SKU-2</b>. Also in target project, line item with
                <b>SKU-2</b> exists, so <b>SKU-1</b> is a new line item. </p>
```

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>LineItemDrafts</th>
        <th>LineItems</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><pre lang="json">
{
  "lineItems": [
    {
      "sku": "SKU-1",
      "quantity": 1,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-1"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "sku": "SKU-3",
      "quantity": 3,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-05T10:00:10.101Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-3"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
        <td><pre lang="json">
{
  "lineItems": [
    {
      "id": "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f",
      "variant": {
        "sku": "SKU-1"
      },
      "quantity": 2,
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "id": "4796e155-f5a4-403a-ae1a-04b10c9dfc54",
          "obj": {
            "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
          }
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-1"
        }
      },
     "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z"
    },
    {

>       "id": "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f",

Reviewer: Is it supposed to have different ID as LineItem SKU-1?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/8fe412126d47738a3bbd4c44933bedbca7e3133c

      "variant": {
        "sku": "SKU-2"
      },
      "quantity": 2,
      "custom": {
        "type": {

>           "id": "4796e155-f5a4-403a-ae1a-04b10c9dfc54",

Reviewer: Is it supposed to have different ID as LineItem SKU-1?

# 2. LineItem and TextLineItem update actions of the ShoppingLists.

Date: 2020-11-04

## Status

[Proposed](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614)

## Context

<!-- The issue motivating this decision, and any context that influences or constrains the decision. -->

In a commerce application, a shopping list is a personal wishlist of a customer, (i.e. Ingredients for a recipe, birthday wishes). 
Shopping lists hold line items of products in the platform or any other items that can be described as text line items.

We have challenges to build update actions of the `LineItem` and `TextLineItem` because of the nature of the synchronization, 
so in this document, we will describe the reasons and constraints. 

> Note: The cases below are the same for the `TextLineItem` so here those are no added as a separate case.

### How to ensure line item order?

> > Note: Orders might be important, if the customer has a front end that sorts the line items with their order could mean sorting by importance.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/6778f79358ea5a4b40bde70f95b47beed512e7a9

                and line items in the draft with the given order with the line items <b>SKU-1</b> and <b>SKU-2</b>.
            </p>
            <pre lang="json">
{
  "version": 1,
  "actions": [
    {
      "action": "removeLineItem",
      "lineItemId": "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f"
    },
    {
      "action": "addLineItem",
      "sku": "SKU-1",
      "quantity": 1,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-1"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "action": "addLineItem",
      "sku": "SKU-2",
      "quantity": 2,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:40:12.341Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-2"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Do we need to remove all line items when the order changes ?

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>LineItemDrafts</th>
        <th>LineItems</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><pre lang="json">
{
  "lineItems": [
    {
      "sku": "SKU-1",

>       "quantity": 1,

Reviewer: Is quantity supposed to update? I see the quantity of existing lineitem 'sku-1' is different.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/b8f09477fe196d172980c0bcaa05a1292eb0d7c2

      "id": "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f",
      "variant": {
        "sku": "SKU-2"
      },
      "quantity": 2,
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "id": "4796e155-f5a4-403a-ae1a-04b10c9dfc54",
          "obj": {
            "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
          }
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-2"
        }
      },
     "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:40:12.341Z"
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Analysis</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
            <p>Draft has line items with <b>SKU-1</b> and <b>SKU-3</b> also in target project line item with
                <b>SKU-1</b> exists, so <b>SKU-3</b> is a new line item, and <b>SKU-2</b> needs to be removed.</p>
            <p> So we need to create an <a href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#add-lineitem">AddLineItem</a> action
                , a <a href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#remove-lineitem">RemoveLineItem</a> action and
                a <a href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order">Change LineItems Order</a> 

>                 of the line items <b>SKU-1</b> and <b>SKU-3</b>, because when we add line item with <b>SKU-1</b>

Reviewer: I don't understand here.
In the drafts, the order is ['sku-1', 'sku-3']. Isn't it expected?
I would understand ChangeLineitemOrder is required if the order in drafts is ['sku-3', 'sku-1']

Author: Good catch!, You are right, the scenario was the same as scenario 1. https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/97d4d150d6872dec95395a741304e018303bc020

Author: Looks like same, https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614#discussion_r518223047

                the order will be <b>SKU-1</b> and <b>SKU-3</b>.</p>
            <p>The <b>challenge</b> in here is, those actions can not be added in one request because we don't know the
                line item id of the new line item
                with <b>SKU-3</b>, so we need to find another way to create a new line item with the right order.</p>
            <p>Also another <b>challenge</b> in here is about the line item with <b>SKU-1</b>, as the order and data is
                exactly same, we need to find a better way to avoid creating unnecessary actions.
            </p>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Proposed solution</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
            <p>

>                 The solution idea about the new line item and changed order is still same with the case-1, but do we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                The solution idea about the new line item and changed order is still same like in the case-1. Do we
```

>                 need to remove and add line item with <b>SKU-1</b>? Which is not needed and we could start the removing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                need to remove and add line item with <b>SKU-1</b>? No, it is not needed and we could start the removing
```

When you have question starting with `Do we`, answer should be yes/no.

Author: Yes, sir :)

                and adding from the changed order.
            </p>
            <pre lang="json">
{
  "version": 1,
  "actions": [
    {
      "action": "removeLineItem",
      "lineItemId": "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f"
    },
    {
      "action": "addLineItem",
      "sku": "SKU-3",
      "quantity": 3,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-05T10:00:10.101Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-3
        }
      }

>     }

Reviewer: I suppose it is going to remove existing 'sku-2' line item.

These two updateActions are appropriate. I am just curious how we determine these two updateActions are needed in `UpdateActionUtil`. For example, if new line items is in order ['sku-3', 'sku-1'], we have to remove sku-1 from existing line items as well.

Author: Good catch!, You are right, the scenario was the same as scenario 1. https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/97d4d150d6872dec95395a741304e018303bc020

Author: From your example, you checked sku-3 and sku-4 is different than to able to match the order, all actions need to be removed and added back because you need to ensure the order.

#### In scenario 1, 
draft : [sku1,..., sku2]
target: [sku2...]

#### In scenario 2, 
draft: [sku1,..., sku3, sku2]
target: [sku1,..., sku2]

sku1 is exactly the same until you find the first difference assume you have N same but a difference in the middle, you don't need to create actions for those N items, here how we will know the difference depends on the comparisons between draft and target objects, so it's like doing sequence comparisons with their order. During the implementation, I could find more examples and could add here.

  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

### How addedAt will be compared?

In commercetools shopping lists API, there is no [update action](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#update-actions) 
to change the `addedAt` field of the `LineItem` and `TextLineItem`, also in API it has a default value described as `Defaults to the current date and time.`, 
when it's not set in the draft, so how to compare and update this field?

**Proposed solution:**

A sync option for excluding `addedAt` (based on the draft) comparisons, which defaults to `true`. The advantage of this, customers could decide themself sync `addedAt`. 
The drawback is when the option set to `false` and a difference is found by our utils, to ensure the order we need to remove and add all line items.  

> Note: `addedAt` data might be important if the customer has a front end that sorts the line items with the date.

## Decision (not agreed yet with the team)

<!-- The change that we're proposing or have agreed to implement. -->

- Product variant will be matched by its SKU, if the SKU not set for a LineItemDraft, the draft will not be synced and an error callback will be triggered.

> > Note: In commercetools API, the product variant to be selected in the LineItemDraft can be specified either by its product ID plus variant ID or by its SKU.

Reviewer 2: I see there's no SKU 😕 ? https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#add-lineitem

Reviewer 2: I had a look again and SKU is only mentioned when you create a shopping list, not when you update... ❓  😕

Author: Drafts are always for creation, update case is not an issue, because you will know the `lineItemId` coming from the target resource. Maybe the confusing part is related to sync library because we expect draft even it exists in the target, in this case, the library user needs to provide SKU with extending variants of the line items, otherwise, validation will trigger callback. I will add the link here: https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#lineitemdraft-product-variant-selection 

https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/3fba6c514c23d684139f548e41ecc5c2091b3650

Author: Now looks better: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/7c9fc7a76abedc56ed6043bd602ac932c0fb7400

> - When a [Change LineItems Order](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order">) action is needed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a [Change LineItems Order](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order">) action is needed, 

```

the line items will be removed and added back with the order provided in the `ShoppingListDraft`.

## Consequences

<!-- What becomes easier or more difficult to do and any risks introduced by the change that will need to be mitigated. -->

> - To ensure the order, we need to remove and add line items, which means a bigger payload, so performance overhead.

Reviewer 2: So we will not use `Change LineItems Order` at all? Can you also write this consequence here?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/baa0c2643702ff3dc99c17ebbf14322b8cd52a92

> - [Add TextLineItem](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#add-textlineitem) is not checking the data is exists, so a user could add the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Add TextLineItem](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#add-textlineitem) is not checking if the data exists. An user could add the
```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand well this consequence. Can you explain?

Author: What kind of explanation? Update action JSON?

> exact same data multiple times, so it's hard to know the order by just checking the object, so in this case, if the data is the same, the order will not be changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
exact same data multiple times. It's hard to know the order by just checking the object. In this case, if the data is the same, the order will not be changed.
```

to change the `addedAt` field of the `LineItem` and `TextLineItem`, also in API it has a default value described as `Defaults to the current date and time.`, 
when it's not set in the draft, so how to compare and update this field?

**Proposed solution:**

A sync option for excluding `addedAt` (based on the draft) comparisons, which defaults to `true`. The advantage of this, customers could decide themself sync `addedAt`. 
The drawback is when the option set to `false` and a difference is found by our utils, to ensure the order we need to remove and add all line items.  

## Decision (not agreed yet with the team)

<!-- The change that we're proposing or have agreed to implement. -->

- In commercetools API, the product variant to be selected in the LineItemDraft can be specified either by its product ID plus variant ID or by its SKU. 
For the sync library, product variant will be matched by its SKU, if the SKU not set for a LineItemDraft, the draft will not be synced and an error callback will be triggered.
Check [LineItemDraft Product Variant Selection](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#lineitemdraft-product-variant-selection) for more details.

> - When a [Change LineItems Order](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order">) action is needed, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When a [Change LineItems Order](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order) action is needed, 
```

            <p> So we need
                a <a href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order">Change
                    LineItems Order</a>
                of the line items with order <b>SKU-2</b> and <b>SKU-1</b>.</p>
            <p>The <b>challenge</b> here is about the line item order and no new line item is added or removed,
                just order is different, so we need to find a better way to avoid creating unnecessary actions like
                removing and adding back, is this possible ?
            </p>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Proposed solution</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
            <p>
                The solution idea for the changing order with removing and adding back looks like an overhead because
                we know the all line item ids, so change order action could be created, in this case, the challenge is
                finding an algorithm to compare and find the line item ids, and then prepare an order.                
            </p>
            <p>
                First example seems reasonable but how you would sync a case like: 

>                 '[SKU-1, SKU-2, SKU-3]' to '[SKU-3, SKU-1, SKU-4, SKU-2]', so with a new algorithm it might be done with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                '[SKU-1, SKU-2, SKU-3]' to '[SKU-3, SKU-1, SKU-4, SKU-2]'? With a new algorithm it might be done with 
```

Reviewer 2: What is the new algorithm?

Author: there is none: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/98822a91973461658f69fc5e990d58afad211739

>                 change order [line-item-id-3, line-item-id-1, line-item-id-2] then removeLineItem SKU-2, add back addLineItem SKU-4, 

Reviewer 2: Please make those actions bold and also in the array [], so we know there are 3 of them.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/98822a91973461658f69fc5e990d58afad211739

                in total 3 actions.
            </p>
            <p>

>                 It looks like there are more different cases and that's why we decided to keep the idea of removing and adding back to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                It looks like there are more different cases. That's why we decided to keep the idea of removing and adding back to 
```

Reviewer 2: Make the conclusion more dominant (bold, bigger font).

Author: now better: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/pull/614/commits/98822a91973461658f69fc5e990d58afad211739

                not have a more complex algorithm.            
            </p>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## TextLineItems

> ### How to ensure text line item order?

Reviewer 2: Can you also add an example for text line item, where you have only switched order of the items? e.g. [textLineItem1, textLineItem2] -> [textLineItem2, textLineItem1]

Author: That will not change the approach or analysis, so I would not add it if it's ok for you.

      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "id": "4796e155-f5a4-403a-ae1a-04b10c9dfc54",
          "obj": {
            "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
          }
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-2"
        }
      },
     "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z"
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Analysis</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
            <p>Draft has text line items with <b>name-1</b> and <b>name-2</b>. In the target project text line item with
                <b>name-2</b> exists, so <b>name-1</b> is a new text line item. </p>
            <p> So we need to create an <a
                    href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#add-textlineitem">AddTextLineItem</a>
                action
                and a <a href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-textlineitems-order">Change
                    TextLineItems Order</a>
                of the text line items <b>name-1</b> and <b>name-2</b>, because when we add text line item with <b>name-1</b>
                the order will be <b>name-2</b> and <b>name-1</b>.</p>

>             <p>The <b>challenge</b> in here is, those actions can not be added in one request because we don't know the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>The <b>challenge</b> in here is, those actions cannot be added in one request because we don't know the
```

                text line item id of the new text line item

>                 with <b>name-1</b>, so we need to find another way to create a new text line item with the right order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                with <b>name-1</b>. We need to find another way to create a new text line item with the right order.
```

            </p>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Proposed solution</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">
            <p>

>                 Normally, for a difference, we might do a set intersection and then calculate action for differences,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                Normally, for a difference, we do a set intersection and then calculate action for differences,
```

                but that does not make sense because we are not aware of the order from the draft.
            </p>
            <p>
                Before that, we need to analyse the <a
                    href="https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#add-textlineitem">AddTextLineItem</a>

>                 action, because the platform are not checking if the data exists. An API user could add the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                action, because the platform is not checking if the data exist. An API user could add the
```

>                 exact same data multiple times. So with that information, we might say, it's hard to know the order by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                exact same data multiple times. So it's impossible to know the order by
```

                just checking the differences between the resource and draft object. Also, the name of the text line

>                 item does not need to be unique which is different than line items, because line items are unique with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                item does not need to be unique which is different than line items. Line items are unique with
```

>                 the same product variant and the same custom fields. Luckily the platform support changing all fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                the same product variant and the same custom fields. Luckily the platform supports changing all fields
```

>                 (except addedAt) of the text line items, so when an order change is needed we might just update the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                (except `addedAt`) of the text line items, so when an order change is needed we update the
```

      "textLineItemId" : "24de3821-e27d-4ddb-bd0b-ecc99365285f",
      "name" : "textField",
      "value" : "text-1"
    },
    {
      "action" : "addTextLineItem",
      "name": {
        "de": "name2-DE",
        "en": "name2-EN"
      },
      "description": {
        "de": "desc2-DE",
        "en": "desc2-EN"
      },
      "quantity": 2,
      "addedAt": "2020-11-04T09:38:35.571Z",
      "custom": {
        "type": {
          "key": "custom-type-for-shoppinglists"
        },
        "fields": {
          "textField": "text-2"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
</pre>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Common

### How addedAt will be compared?

In commercetools shopping lists API, there is no [update action](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#update-actions) 
to change the `addedAt` field of the `LineItem` and `TextLineItem`, also in API it has a default value described as `Defaults to the current date and time.`, 
when it's not set in the draft, so how to compare and update this field?

**Proposed solution:**

The `addedAt` field will be synced only if the value provided in the line item draft, otherwise, the `addedAt` value will be omitted. 

> To be able to sync it we need to remove and add this line item back with the up to date value. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to sync it we need to remove and add this line item back with the up-to-date value. 
```

Check [LineItemDraft Product Variant Selection](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#lineitemdraft-product-variant-selection) for more details.

- When a [Change LineItems Order](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-lineitems-order) action is needed, 
the line items will be removed and added back with the order provided in the `ShoppingListDraft`.

- When a [Change TextLineItems Order](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#change-textlineitems-order) action is needed, 
the text line items will be updated with using update actions with the order provided in the `ShoppingListDraft`.

- In commercetools shopping lists API, there is no [update action](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/shoppingLists#update-actions) 
to change the `addedAt` field of the `LineItem` and `TextLineItem`, hereby we will not update the `addedAt` value.

## Consequences

<!-- What becomes easier or more difficult to do and any risks introduced by the change that will need to be mitigated. -->

> - To ensure the order of the line items, we need to remove and add line items, which means a bigger payload, so performance overhead. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To ensure the order of the line items, we need to remove and add line items. That means a bigger payload and a performance overhead. 
```

> - To ensure the order of text line items, we might need to calculate and update more than expected, so means a bigger payload and performance overhead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To ensure the order of text line items, we need to calculate and update more than expected. That means a bigger payload and a performance overhead.
```
